README.md, before:

<div align="center" style="text-align: center;">
<h1><img src="icon.ico" height="30px">&nbsp;&nbsp;fishSol Macro</h1>
<p>A macro for the Roblox game Sol's RNG, specifically to automate its fishing minigame.</p>

<!-- ![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ivelchampion249/FishSol-Macro/total#) -->
![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ivelchampion249/fishSol-Macro/total)
![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ivelchampion249/FishSol-Macro)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC_BY--NC--ND_4.0-orange)

</div>

## Installation
1. Download [AutoHotKey v1.1](https://www.autohotkey.com/) (not v2.0) and install it
2. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/ivelchampion249/FishSol-Macro/releases/latest) of fishSol, and extract the .zip file into an empty folder
3. Run fishSol through the .ahk file by double-clicking it, or right-clicking it and selecting "Run script"

## Plugins
Download your desired plugin from the [release](https://github.com/ivelchampion249/FishSol-Macro/releases/latest) or from the plugins folder in the source code, and drag it into the plugins folder. A tab for the plugin should automatically show up when you restart the macro.

## Tutorial
Watch this YouTube tutorial to set up the macro! https://youtu.be/6aSNqj3PBpU
<br>
Watch this YouTube tutorial about the new features: https://www.youtu.be/piHhcXpckSk

## Features
- Auto-Fish
- Auto-Sell
- Different Resolution Settings
- Different Pathing Options
- QWERTY and AZERTY keyboard support
- Auto-Rejoin Failsafe
- Fishing & Pathing Failsafes
- Auto-Unequip
- More to come!

## Need help?
Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/CvZdRea9YH)! Submit any bugs you may find, or any problems that you need help with!

Happy fishing, gamblers!

Commit message:

fishSol v1.9.4.260101-AltA
Semi Rewrite to make additions and stuff easier in future
preparations being made for the realigning function via the plugins

README.md, after:

JUST A QUICK WARNING
THIS IS AN EXPERIMENTAL BUILD
USE AT YOUR OWN RISK!

it includes very imporvements, hotkey rebinding and a slightly cleaner code base i hope
please note there are currently references to classes not currently in the upload
ahk's default behaviour should allow the script to continue running despite these
being in and basically should do nothing


<div align="center" style="text-align: center;">
<h1><img src="icon.ico" height="30px">&nbsp;&nbsp;fishSol Macro</h1>
<p>A macro for the Roblox game Sol's RNG, specifically to automate its fishing minigame.</p>

<!-- ![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ivelchampion249/FishSol-Macro/total#) -->
![GitHub Downloads (all assets, all releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/ivelchampion249/fishSol-Macro/total)
![GitHub Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/ivelchampion249/FishSol-Macro)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC_BY--NC--ND_4.0-orange)

</div>

## Installation
1. Download [AutoHotKey v1.1](https://www.autohotkey.com/) (not v2.0) and install it
2. Download the [latest release](https://github.com/ivelchampion249/FishSol-Macro/releases/latest) of fishSol, and extract the .zip file into an empty folder
3. For first time launch please use LaunchMacro.ahk as this builds the plugin manager for use with the macro. for debug purposes the prebuilt version with all plugins is included by default
4. Run fishSol through the .ahk file by double-clicking it, or right-clicking it and selecting "Run script"

if a plugin is missing just relaunch the LaunchMacro.ahk to rebuild the PluginManager and hopefully fix the issue

## Plugins
Download your desired plugin from the [release](https://github.com/ivelchampion249/FishSol-Macro/releases/latest) or from the plugins folder in the source code, and drag it into the plugins folder. A tab for the plugin should automatically show up when you restart the macro.

## Tutorial
Watch this YouTube tutorial to set up the macro! https://youtu.be/6aSNqj3PBpU
<br>
Watch this YouTube tutorial about the new features: https://www.youtu.be/piHhcXpckSk

## Features
- Auto-Fish
- Auto-Sell
- Different Resolution Settings
- Different Pathing Options
- QWERTY and AZERTY keyboard support
- Auto-Rejoin Failsafe
- Fishing & Pathing Failsafes
- Auto-Unequip
- More to come!

## Need help?
Join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/CvZdRea9YH)! Submit any bugs you may find, or any problems that you need help with!

Happy fishing, gamblers!
